www/src/pages/forms-create-your-own-input-view.mdx, before:

import Helmet from "react-helmet";

import Layout from '../components/layout';

export default ({children}) => 
<Layout>
    <Helmet>
        <title>Tenon-ui | Create your own input view</title>
    </Helmet>{children}
</Layout>

## Create your own Input view

Here you will see how to create your own Input view.

### Available prop getters from TextInputController
The `TextInputController` gives you access to the following prop getter functions:

#### getLabelProps
This prop getter generates the required props for the `<label>` element.

#### getInputProps
This prop getter generates the required props for the `<input>` element.

#### getErrorProps
This prop getter generates the required props for the container element of your
displayed errors.

#### getContentHintProps
This prop getter generates the required props for the container element of your
content hint text.

### Other props from TextInputController
A number of other props are also exposed by the `TextInputController`. Refer to the 
[smart controllers page](/forms-smart-controllers) to see how validators work:

#### showError
This boolean value will indicate to the view if an error should be shown. Normally, errors
will only be shown after the first submit attempt unless overridden by the `alwaysShowErrors`
prop of the [Form component](/forms-form-component).

Use this to easily hide and show your error containers. 

#### errorText
This value contains the current actual error message text. For valid or non-validated fields
this will be empty. Otherwise if will contain the text from the first failing validator as 
specified on the `TextInputController`. 

#### required
This boolean value indicates if the `TextInputController` has been marked as `required`. This
can be handy to decide when to render required indicators.

### Basic non-validated input
If you only need a label and an input you can write view code resembling this:

```
import { Form } from '@tenon-io/tenon-ui';

//...

<Form.TextInputController name="petName">
    {({ getLabelProps, getInputProps }) => (
        <React.Fragment>
            <label {...getLabelProps()}>
                Enter your pet's name:
            </label>
            <input
                {...getInputProps()}
            />
        </React.Fragment>
    )}
</Form.TextInputController>
```

**Note**: that both the `getLabelProps` and the `getInputProps` prop getters can be called 
with an object that can override and / or enrich the props object returned by these prop getters. 
For example:

```
<input
    {...getInputProps({
        type: "number",
        className: "some-custom-style"
    })}
/>
```

### Required validated input
For validation, you can make use of the `getErrorProps` prop getter as well.

```
import { Form, validator, isRequired } from '@tenon-io/tenon-ui';

//...

<Form.TextInputController
    name="petName"
    validators={[
        validator(isRequired, 'A name is required.')
    ]}
    required="true"
>
    {({
        getLabelProps,
        getInputProps,
        getErrorProps,
        showError,
        errorText,
        required
    }) => (
        <React.Fragment>
            <label {...getLabelProps()}>
                Enter your pet's name:
                {required && (
                    <span
                        aria-hidden="true"
                    >
                      ( required )
                    </span>
                )}
            </label>
            <input {...getInputProps()} />
            {showError && (
                <div
                    {...getErrorProps({
                        className: 'error-container'
                    })}
                >
                    {errorText}
                </div>
            )}
        </React.Fragment>
    )}
</Form.TextInputController>
```

Note in the example above that the visual `( required )` text is marked with `aria-hidden="true"`. This
is because the `TextInputController` already marks the input as `required` with the 
`aria-required` property. Therefore you need to make sure that this is not read out twice with
screen readers.

The prop getters will ensure that the error text field is linked to the input and that the input
validity (`aria-valid`) is managed and read out by screen readers. 

### Input with a content hint
Should you want to render a `content hint`, please make use of the `getContentHintProps` prop getter:

```
<Form.TextInputController
    name="petName"
    validators={[
        validator(
            isLongerThan(3),
            'The name is not long enough.'
        )
    ]}
>
    {({
        getLabelProps,
        getInputProps,
        getErrorProps,
        getContentHintProps,
        showError,
        errorText
    }) => (
        <div>
            <label {...getLabelProps()}>
                Enter your pet's name:
            </label>
            <input {...getInputProps()} />
            <div
                {...getContentHintProps({
                    className: 'content-hint-container'
                })}
            >
                The name should be longer than 3
                characters.
            </div>
            {showError && (
                <div
                    {...getErrorProps({
                        className: 'error-container'
                    })}
                >
                    {errorText}
                </div>
            )}
        </div>
    )}
</Form.TextInputController>
```

The prop getter will ensure that the `content hint` is also linked to the `<input>` field so that
screen readers are aware of this.

As shown above you can easily combine this with an error field, although content hint can safely be
rendered on its own.

Commit message:

Add documentation content (in page navigation) / 8

www/src/pages/forms-create-your-own-input-view.mdx, after:

import Helmet from "react-helmet";

import Layout from '../components/layout';
import PageNav from '../components/PageNav';

export default ({children}) => 
<Layout>
    <Helmet>
        <title>Tenon-ui | Create your own input view</title>
    </Helmet>{children}
</Layout>

## Create your own Input view

<PageNav targets={
    ['Available prop getters from TextInputController',
    'Other props from TextInputController', 
    'Basic non-validated input',
    'Required validated input',
    'Input with a content hint']
    } />

Here you will see how to create your own `Input` view.

### Available prop getters from TextInputController
The `TextInputController` gives you access to the following prop getter functions:

#### getLabelProps
This prop getter generates the required props for the `<label>` element.

#### getInputProps
This prop getter generates the required props for the `<input>` element.

#### getErrorProps
This prop getter generates the required props for the container element of your
displayed errors.

#### getContentHintProps
This prop getter generates the required props for the container element of your
content hint text.

### Other props from TextInputController
A number of other props are also exposed by the `TextInputController`. Refer to the 
[smart controllers page](/forms-smart-controllers) to see how validators work:

#### showError
This boolean value will indicate to the view if an error should be shown. Normally, errors
will only be shown after the first submit attempt unless overridden by the `alwaysShowErrors`
prop of the [Form component](/forms-form-component).

Use this to easily hide and show your error containers. 

#### errorText
This value contains the current actual error message text. For valid or non-validated fields
this will be empty. Otherwise if will contain the text from the first failing validator as 
specified on the `TextInputController`. 

#### required
This boolean value indicates if the `TextInputController` has been marked as `required`. This
can be handy to decide when to render required indicators.

### Basic non-validated input
If you only need a label and an input you can write view code resembling this:

```
import { Form } from '@tenon-io/tenon-ui';

//...

<Form.TextInputController name="petName">
    {({ getLabelProps, getInputProps }) => (
        <React.Fragment>
            <label {...getLabelProps()}>
                Enter your pet's name:
            </label>
            <input
                {...getInputProps()}
            />
        </React.Fragment>
    )}
</Form.TextInputController>
```

**Note**: that both the `getLabelProps` and the `getInputProps` prop getters can be called 
with an object that can override and / or enrich the props object returned by these prop getters. 
For example:

```
<input
    {...getInputProps({
        type: "number",
        className: "some-custom-style"
    })}
/>
```

### Required validated input
For validation, you can make use of the `getErrorProps` prop getter as well.

```
import { Form, validator, isRequired } from '@tenon-io/tenon-ui';

//...

<Form.TextInputController
    name="petName"
    validators={[
        validator(isRequired, 'A name is required.')
    ]}
    required="true"
>
    {({
        getLabelProps,
        getInputProps,
        getErrorProps,
        showError,
        errorText,
        required
    }) => (
        <React.Fragment>
            <label {...getLabelProps()}>
                Enter your pet's name:
                {required && (
                    <span
                        aria-hidden="true"
                    >
                      ( required )
                    </span>
                )}
            </label>
            <input {...getInputProps()} />
            {showError && (
                <div
                    {...getErrorProps({
                        className: 'error-container'
                    })}
                >
                    {errorText}
                </div>
            )}
        </React.Fragment>
    )}
</Form.TextInputController>
```

Note in the example above that the visual `( required )` text is marked with `aria-hidden="true"`. This
is because the `TextInputController` already marks the input as `required` with the 
`aria-required` property. Therefore you need to make sure that this is not read out twice with
screen readers.

The prop getters will ensure that the error text field is linked to the input and that the input
validity (`aria-valid`) is managed and read out by screen readers. 

### Input with a content hint
Should you want to render a `content hint`, please make use of the `getContentHintProps` prop getter:

```
<Form.TextInputController
    name="petName"
    validators={[
        validator(
            isLongerThan(3),
            'The name is not long enough.'
        )
    ]}
>
    {({
        getLabelProps,
        getInputProps,
        getErrorProps,
        getContentHintProps,
        showError,
        errorText
    }) => (
        <div>
            <label {...getLabelProps()}>
                Enter your pet's name:
            </label>
            <input {...getInputProps()} />
            <div
                {...getContentHintProps({
                    className: 'content-hint-container'
                })}
            >
                The name should be longer than 3
                characters.
            </div>
            {showError && (
                <div
                    {...getErrorProps({
                        className: 'error-container'
                    })}
                >
                    {errorText}
                </div>
            )}
        </div>
    )}
</Form.TextInputController>
```

The prop getter will ensure that the `content hint` is also linked to the `<input>` field so that
screen readers are aware of this.

As shown above you can easily combine this with an error field, although content hint can safely be
rendered on its own.
